[Elsie] All of you belong to me now.
We'll be on our way to the planet Guilst
in order to sell you for a profit.
[Shiki] Hey, I've got an idea!
Instead of trying to get our ship back,
what if I just steal your ship instead?
[chuckles] How interesting.
Two floors above you
and head straight to your left.
That's where I'll be waiting. I wonder
if you can make it here in one piece.
[grunts]
[loud crash]
-Space is awesome!
-[groaning]
[Shiki] It's that room!
Bring it on, lady!
[grunts]
[gasps]
That's Elsie Crimson to you.
["Eden Through the Rough"
by Takanori Nishikawa playing]
WARSHIP OF THE DEMON KING
[Shiki]
You're not really a human, are you?
More like a skull-human.
Shiki.
Inheritor of the Demon King's Ether.
Wait a second, how do you know who I am?
[Elsie] Show me your coveted power.
Should I know you?
-[whoosh]
-[shrieks]
[grunts]
[thud]
[groans]
Skull octopus woman!
[thud]
[groans]
You're wide open!
Magimech Attack! Gravity--
[grunts in pain]
[Shiki] Damn it.
She's strong!
[ominous music playing]
[Demon King] Shiki.
Don't tell me that's all you've got, kid.
Not fair.
How the heck are you so strong, Grandpa?
[Michael] Well, he is the Demon King.
This is like fighting
the final boss in a video game.
[grunts]
I'm not giving up!
Huh?
-[grunts]
-[laughing]
Give us a fair fight!
You've got gravity powers!
If you really think
it'll make it a fair fight,
then I'll teach you this power.
[growling]
[yelling]
[screaming in pain]
[young Shiki] I can't win. [grunts]
Even with the gravity powers,
I still can't win.
[Demon King] Strength isn't something
that comes with a new power.
An abundance of training
and experience under your belt
will lead to strength over time.
So if I just
keep practicing like you said,
I could become even
stronger than you someday?
If that's the way you think,
you'll never get there.
There can't be a shred of doubt.
You have to believe with your entire heart
that you have what it takes.
-No matter what.
-[Demon King] That's right.
Say that one thing you always tell me.
I…
I can do it!
[grunts]
[gasping]
Now answer me. What the hell are you?
I told you I am Elsie Crimson.
The one who surpassed the Demon King!
What?
[Elsie] Tell me who you are, Shiki.
I am an Adventurer!
And what is your objective?
I'm gonna go see Mother!
And I'm gonna be the first one to do it!
[Elsie] The universe
beyond the Sakura Cosmos
is a place beyond imagination.
I know plenty of people who've tried
finding Mother, never to return.
Like that's gonna stop us from trying!
You fool!
[Shiki] There's no doubt!
[dramatic music playing]
We will!
[young Shiki] Hey!
What's wrong, Grandpa?
Why aren't you moving?
-[Michael] Shiki.
-I know!
-I can just fix you up!
-[Michael] Shiki.
The Demon King, he is…
Hey, wake up!
We still--
We still need to have a fair fight!
[Shiki] I haven't beat you yet! [pants]
It's not fair! You were gonna teach me
that cool move Gravity Comet, right?!
[Shiki cries]
Grandpa, please!
What am I gonna do without you?!
[grunting]
[officer] This is the Recon team.
Elsie ship is at point-five-two.
No movement from CN9.
[Justice] Roger that.
Well, Elsie, we finally
got you back to the corner.
Let it be known that I,
Justice of the IUA,
will be the one to capture you today.
You sound like you're in love.
If you consider my overwhelming desire
to imprison her as love, you may be right.
Are you even capable of taking a joke?
[beeping]
[Justice] What's this abnormal
Ether reaction being picked up?
It's from Elsie's ship!
[Justice] But it doesn't appear
to be coming from Elsie.
Is that even possible?
What are the chances of there
being two people with Ether Gear?
Are you trying to tell us
we don't know how to do our jobs properly?
-Huh?
-[Justice] That's enough, Victory.
These readings here.
They must be fighting.
[grunts]
But who is it?
Even the Demon King Ziggy,
who used to be the ruler of Sakura Cosmos,
gave up on trying to locate Mother.
Grandpa tried to find Mother?
[chuckles]
Look here! Those readings
for the Ether source are rising!
It's going to reach 100,000!
That's impossible!
Who is this?
[Elsie] Everyone has delusional dreams
of meeting that legendary goddess.
No one has even found her
and no one ever will!
No one's found her 'cause I haven't tried!
What?!
Just know,
I'm gonna see Mother
even if it costs me my life!
[Elsie chuckles]
Hey, what's with this
abnormal gravity field over here?
The ID code. No way!
[Elsie] The Demon King?!
[loud thud]
[Shiki] I'm gonna keep fighting
for Grandpa's dream!
And see it through to the end!
Magimech Attack!
Gravity Comet!
MAGIMECH ATTACK
GRAVITY COMET
[all gasp]
-[Rebecca] Shiki!
-Huh?
I should've guessed good ol' Gravity boy
was behind all that ruckus.
We got here the second you fell.
[Rebecca] Wait! Why the hell
aren't you wearing a shirt?!
[Shiki] Oh, some of my clothes
tore off when I used my powers.
[Pino] The gravity must've
destroyed the fibers in them.
is that… Elsie?
[shocked gasp]
[screaming]
[scared groans]
[Elsie laughs]
That was a parasite, capable
of mimicking the human body.
Kawpicatt S4.
I've been using that ship you're aboard
as a storage unit for a while.
Looks like some bugs
made themselves right at home there.
A bug?!
If I had to guess,
those things alter their forms
using the DNA of the crewmen on board.
Although I suppose they were too weak
to make a good copy of me, huh?
Huh?
[Elsie] You have my thanks
for getting rid of those filthy things
while I stay nice and cozy
on another ship.
So you tricked us!
You were a stupid bug?!
[Happy] Shiki!
Save your anger for cleaning up
the rest of that ship.
It's all yours now.
What do you mean?
[chuckles softly]
[Elsie] That ship you're on,
I'm giving it to you.
Seriously?!
-Huh?
-Giving it?
-But why?
-I fail to compute.
Shiki defeated the copy of me,
so it's only fair.
And well, to be honest, I was planning
on giving you the ship eventually, Shiki.
Huh?
But it would have been boring
to give it up too soon.
And I wanted to see your power for myself.
[Shiki] You were planning
on giving it to me?
But, why?
That ship used to belong
to Ziggy, the Demon King.
[gasps]
[Elsie] Long ago, Ziggy left on a journey
outside the Sakura Cosmos
in that same ship, to find Mother.
I first met Ziggy
while he was on his way home.
As you can guess, he never found Mother.
But he did find you, Shiki.
So then,
I wasn't actually born on Granbell?
I had a feeling you weren't.
It did seem strange
you were the only human there.
[Elsie] Ziggy knew
that the end of his life was near.
So he returned to Granbell
instead of finding Mother.
And he did it happily,
so that he could raise you.
[gasping softly]
Do you mean that…
my master has already left us?
He died back on Granbell
when I was little.
[Pino gasps]
[Shiki] Sorry I hadn't told you.
So then it is true. My master is gone.
[solemn music playing]
I owe a debt to the Demon King.
Actually, it's more.
Ziggy once saved my life.
I'll never forget.
It was actually Ziggy's personal request.
He asked me to give you this ship
when you left on your journey
outside of the universe.
This whole ship… is mine?
I can't believe it's ours now!
I thought your ship
was the small one you took from us.
[Rebecca] So this means you're not
gonna sell us off on Guilst, right?
[laughs] I promise.
I was only half-joking.
Come on, do I really look all that evil?
-[Rebecca] Kinda…
-[Happy] What do you mean half?
Eh, evil or not, that tentacle thing
made for a gnarly video. Don't you think?
You will delete that now.
Thanks a lot for the kind offer.
-But I'll have to pass.
-Are you kidding me?!
Listen, I think she's actually
a pretty nice person.
I feel bad taking her only ship.
[Elsie] Trust me, I'll be just fine.
[all] Huh?
[screaming]
[Elsie] It shouldn't be
too much of a loss for my fleet.
-[Shiki] What?!
-[Weisz] No way!
[uplifting music soars]
I thought they were just rumors.
She definitely stole all of those.
Ma'am, it seems they finally cornered us.
[sarcastically] Oh dear.
That can only mean…
it's the Interstellar Union Army.
[dark music plays]
[Creed] We're almost in range.
Still no idea
what the Ether reaction was earlier.
But the good news is,
we've located Elsie's whereabouts.
No one escapes
the Hammer of Justice.
[dramatic music rising]
[blast]
-Princess!
-Not to worry. It's only a warning shot.
Deploy the shield
to block their second shot.
[subordinate] Yes, Captain.
[intense music playing]
-[Shiki] What's going on now?
-[Rebecca] It's the Space Government Army!
I think it's probably best
if you all leave now.
We'll withdraw too
after we've entertained them for a bit.
[Happy] But…
Not to worry.
This isn't our first time. We'll be okay.
If you stick around the likes of us long,
you'll only end up getting in trouble.
[grunts]
Hurry up and go.
We can't fight while protecting you.
Thank you. For everything.
[Elsie] I was merely repaying a favor.
Don't get involved with us ever again.
[Shiki]
But you were Grandpa's friend, right?
Then you better believe
you're my friend too!
[Elsie]
He's got that same look in his eyes.
Listen closely.
Ziggy once told me
something about that goddess.
Whoever is lucky enough to find Mother,
will be reborn.
Huh?
But is that even possible?
-Uh, I don't get it.
-[sighs]
[Weisz] Mother, huh?
Number 42 is taking heavy damage.
Too bad we can't move in
until those brats leave this sector.
I've heard enough.
-Let's get out of here.
-Weisz, don't!
[Weisz] It's gotta be one of these levers.
[engine powering up]
[blast]
Movement detected!
We've lost track of that ship
with the strange Ether reading.
Ugh, we're too late.
She helped that damn ship escape.
I don't like this.
[Elsie] All ships:
Leave the sector immediately. Hurry!
Damn coward.
Perhaps we can chat more
next time, Justice.
[trembling]
Holy crap!
What just happened?
Did we teleport or something?
So dramatic!
Oh, maybe they didn't have
fast travel 50 years ago.
In other words, we warped!
-The future is awesome!
-Space is awesome!
Are they okay? Elsie and her crew?
[Rebecca] I never thought
I'd be worried about a space pirate.
I am unable to discern
her present location.
[chuckles softly]
It looks like we're close to Blue Garden.
That's perfect! We can go back for a sec.
Let's go see the future!
[Happy] Can we drop him back off on Norma?
Until we meet again, Elsie.
[chiming]
[hissing]
[whirring]
[Rebecca] We've got six hours
till we get to Blue Garden.
[Happy] There's no way they're gonna let
a pirate ship like ours into the port.
[Rebecca] We can use
the Aqua Wing once we--
-[Weisz] No, that's my ship!
-[Rebecca] Ugh.
[Shiki] I can't believe it.
Grandpa's ship is ours now.
-You mean yours, right?
-No way.
We're friends
and we're doing this together.
So it's our ship now!
-[chuckles]
-Yeah!
So, in other words,
I own this ship, too!
Yeah, you're not a friend.
[Rebecca] First things first and
that's giving the ship a good cleaning.
[Happy] Right. Those bugs
could still be crawling around the place.
[Shiki] Do you have to call them bugs?!
They're more like octopuses!
What's wrong?
Is Shiki baby scared of bugs?
Just wait till you see
a rhinoceros beetle for the first time.
A what beetle?!
That's enough chit-chat.
Time to get cleaning!
Hey!
Hmm?
-[sighs]
-[Shiki] What's wrong, Pino?
Is it about Grandpa?
Yes. I am still processing it all.
I see.
Well, the whole gang has to help clean up.
That mean you too, Pino.
Huh?
[sighs]
[Pino] Master Ziggy.
What prompted you to create me?
And why was it that I was found
on Norma, of all places?
Why do I exist?
And why am I alive?
[Rebecca] No way!
Look how big this bath is!
I bet all of us could fit in here
if we wanted to!
Maybe if we start cleaning now,
we can even use it tonight!
Bathtub video!
I would never!
[grunting]
[Weisz] Why do I have to help
clean this crap up, too?
-No one asked you to help.
-Can you put on a shirt?
That reminds me!
Uh… where can I get some clothes, anyway?
[splashing]
This bath is huge!
It's so warm!
To think I used to live
a quiet life outside the city.
And now we're on an adventure
to find Mother!
Who cares if we find her?
This is the life!
I do! And we're totally gonna find her!
[unnatural hum]
[Happy] Rebecca!
[yelps]
[Rebecca] What's happening?
Looks like this water has a kind of effect
activating the Ether inside your body.
No way! Maybe I can use crazy Ether Gear
like Shiki's Gravity power now!
-Yay!
-[blast]
-[gasps]
-[shattering]
-[air being vacuumed]
[screaming]
[grunt]
[splash]
-[groaning]
-[gasping]
[Rebecca] What the heck was that?
What's with that getup?
It was laying around the ship. Cool, huh?
I thought I'd borrow
some clothes from this ship, too.
Me three!
[chuckles] Go ahead and make that four.
[Pino] Hmm.
Hmm.
Hey, about your Ether Gear.
It was your Grandpa, right?
He taught you how to use
your Gravity powers?
-Yeah.
-And you?
Huh?
It's really not that big of a deal.
Don't worry about it.
I need to know because
I might be able to use it, too!
Ah, come on, don't be stupid.
Takes years and years
to learn to master it.
Maybe for you but I learned it in a month.
You know what? You're starting
to piss me off with all your bragging!
I may be incorrect,
but I can't help but feel
like this room might have belonged
to my master, the Demon King.
[Shiki] To Grandpa?
[Rebecca] Now that you mention it,
this room does look
a little bit different from the others.
[Happy] The Demon King's room!
If this were an RPG,
it'd be the final boss's level!
[Shiki] Grandpa´s room, huh?
So you wanted to see Mother too,
but decided on raising me instead
with the time you had left.
Thank you.
[Shiki] I promise that
I'll use this ship of yours
to see that dream
of finding Mother to the very end!
No matter what!
[crackling]
[female voice] A7 protocol, activate.
[Shiki] What the--
[female voice]
Executing transfer of control systems.
A7 protocol, complete.
-[Shiki] Is that a ghost?
-[Rebecca] A system AI?
[female voice]
Welcome back home, Demon King.
Sorry, but Grandpa is already dead.
[female voice] I am fully aware.
Pardon my belated introduction.
I was put in charge of this ship
by the Demon King.
One of his Four Shining Stars.
You can call me Witch.
[gasp]
-Are you an android?
-[Witch] Yes.
I'm a fully operational android,
created by the Demon King.
[Witch] Any and all powers
of authority over me
have now been transferred over to Shiki.
Therefore, I will carry out
any order that you give me.
Then act like a dog.
Bow-wow!
Wow, she really did it.
Oh my, you're so cute!
Hey, if you're in charge
of managing the ship,
then why haven't you done
a damn thing about any of this crap?!
Sadly, I have been suspended
for a very long time now.
However, you are not to worry.
[twinkling]
Purify.
[majestic music playing]
-So awesome!
-Amazing!
And now we regenerate!
-[Happy] What's going on?
-[Pino] The ship.
[epic music playing]
[Pino] It's transforming!
It's reverting back to its previous form.
Jet-black wings
that fly through the universe.
Ether Drive Eternal Navigation Ship.
The spacecraft Edens Zero.
["VLOG"
by CHiCO with HoneyWorks playing]
WIND HOWLS ON THE HIGHWAY